hacks/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/questHome.md, before:

---
layout: post 
tailwind: True
title: Frontend Development Quest
description: >
  Learn how to develop blogs and projects that convey information effectively and are visually appealing
author: CSA 2025-26
permalink: /cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/
lxdData:
  Title: "Frontend Development Modules"
  Description: "Master frontend development skills through hands-on projects and earn certificates!"
  Topics:
    - Title: "Submodule 1"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 1
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_1-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_1/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 1"
    - Title: "Submodule 2"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 2
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_2-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_2/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 2"
    - Title: "Submodule 3"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 3
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_3-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_3/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 3"
    - Title: "Submodule 4"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 4
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_4-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_4/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 4"
    - Title: "Submodule 5"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 5
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_5-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_5/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 5"
    - Title: "Submodule 6"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 6
      Description: "Team-defined frontend development module"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_6-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_6/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend.svg"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 6"
---

{%- include tailwind/cs-portfolio-mini_quest_info.html -%}

Commit message:

Updated Quest Home and added images for frontend Module

hacks/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/questHome.md, after:

---
layout: post 
tailwind: True
title: Frontend Development Quest
description: >
  Learn how to develop blogs and projects that convey information effectively and are visually appealing
author: CSA 2025-26
permalink: /cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/
lxdData:
  Title: "Frontend Development Modules"
  Description: "Master frontend development skills through hands-on projects and earn certificates!"
  Topics:
    - Title: "Submodule 1"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 1
      Description: "Learn about the Purpose of Frontend in this Lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_1-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_1/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/frontend.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 1"
    - Title: "Submodule 2"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 2
      Description: "Learn about Markdown to HTML & Full Stack in this Lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_2-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_2/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/fullstack.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 2"
    - Title: "Submodule 3"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 3
      Description: "Learn about CSS Styling in this lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_3-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_3/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/css.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 3"
    - Title: "Submodule 4"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 4
      Description: "Learn about Tailwind and Sass in this lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_4-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_4/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/tailwind.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 4"
    - Title: "Submodule 5"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 5
      Description: "Learn About Javascript in this Lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_5-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_5/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/javascript.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 5"
    - Title: "Frontend Quest"
      Genre: "Project Creation"
      Level: 6
      Description: "Learn about Component Integration in this lesson!"
      Categories: ["Frontend", "HTML", "CSS", "Javascript"]
      Video: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_6-video"
      Lessons: "/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/submodule_6/"
      Image: "/images/cs-portfolio-quest/frontend/integration.png"
      Alt: "Frontend Submodule 6"
---

{%- include tailwind/cs-portfolio-mini_quest_info.html -%}
