hacks/cs-portfolio-quest/ai/submodule_3.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: "Real Project Example"
description: "A walkthrough of simplifying a Flask/Spring backend into Flask-only using AI assistance, broken into phases: understanding the system, planning migration, implementing changes, and debugging."
permalink: /cs-portfolio-quest/ai/submodule_3/
parent: "AI Usage"
team: "Thinkers"
submodule: 3
categories: [CSP, Submodule, AIUsage]
tags: [ai, submodule, thinkers]
author: "Thinkers Team"
date: 2025-10-21
---

---

## **MODULE 3: Professional Applications**
*Use AI for resumes, interviews, and knowing when NOT to use AI*

### Comic Strip 1: "Resume Transformation"
**Read:**
- Generic bullets don't get interviews. Quantified STAR-format bullets do.
- **STAR Method**:
  - **S**ituation: Set context
  - **T**ask: Your responsibility
  - **A**ction: What you did
  - **R**esult: Outcome with metrics
- **Before/After Examples**:
  - ❌ "Worked on team projects"
  - ✅ "Collaborated with 4-person team to build full-stack web app, reducing page load time by 40% through database query optimization"
  - ❌ "Helped with coding"
  - ✅ "Implemented JWT authentication system using Flask and React, securing 10,000+ user accounts with 99.9% uptime"
- **How to use AI**: "Transform this bullet into STAR format with quantifiable metrics: [your bullet]" → Compare 3 versions → Pick most honest one

**Interact:**
- **Resume Bullet Transformer**:
  - Student pastes weak bullet point
  - AI generates 3 STAR versions: Conservative, Balanced, Bold
  - Student picks one and explains why they chose it
  - Shows comparison table of all 3 with pros/cons
- **ATS Keyword Scanner** (simpler option):
  - Paste bullet → Tool highlights missing keywords for target job
  - Suggests: "Add: React, PostgreSQL, API design"

**Submit:**
"Paste one weak bullet from your resume. Then paste the AI-improved STAR version you'll actually use. Explain: Why did you pick this version? What makes it honest and strong?"

---

### Comic Strip 2: "Interview Prep That Works"
**Read:**
- **The 3 Questions You MUST Nail**:
  1. **"Tell me about a time you failed"**
     - What they want: Self-awareness, learning, growth
     - Structure: Situation → What went wrong → What you learned → How you improved
     - ❌ Don't: Blame others, pick a personal issue, say "I don't fail"
     - ✅ Do: Own it, show what you learned, prove you applied the lesson
  2. **"Walk me through [project name] architecture"**
     - What they want: Technical depth, decision-making, trade-offs
     - Structure: High-level overview → Dive into 2-3 key components → Explain why you chose them
     - ❌ Don't: Jump straight to tiny details, memorize a script
     - ✅ Do: Start broad, go deep when asked, explain trade-offs
  3. **"Why are you interested in this company?"**
     - What they want: You actually researched them, fit with their needs
     - ❌ Don't: "Great culture", "learning opportunity" (everyone says this)
     - ✅ Do: Reference their tech stack, recent projects, specific problems you can solve
- **How AI helps**: Record yourself, get AI feedback on filler words ("um", "like"), STAR structure, specificity, timing

**Interact:**
- **Mock Interview Analyzer**:
  - Text area: Student types answer to one of the 3 questions
  - AI analyzes for:
    - Filler words (count + percentage)
    - STAR structure (present/missing components)
    - Specificity score (1-10)
    - Length (too short/just right/too long)
  - Gives specific feedback: "Add metrics to your result. Remove 'like' - used 7 times."
- **Interview Answer Builder**:
  - Fill-in template for STAR method
  - Shows word count in real-time
  - Suggests: "Add a number here" "Be more specific about the result"

**Submit:**
"Write your answer to ONE of the 3 questions (250 words max). Use STAR format. Then list: What would you improve about this answer?"

---

### Comic Strip 3: "When AI Helps (and When It Doesn't)"
**Read:**
- **AI Integration: When It Actually Helps**:
  - ✅ Summarizing long documents/emails
  - ✅ Generating meeting notes with action items
  - ✅ Quick data analysis in Sheets (trends, charts)
  - ✅ Draft responses to common questions
  - ✅ Extracting key points from research papers
  - ✅ Brainstorming ideas/approaches
- **When It DOESN'T Help**:
  - ❌ Technical/specialized content (AI guesses)
  - ❌ Legal or medical documents (liability risk)
  - ❌ Anything requiring 100% accuracy
  - ❌ Math proofs or complex calculations
  - ❌ Real-time/current event info (past cutoff date)
- **Red Flags for Unreliable AI Output**:
  - 🚩 Gives different answers to same question
  - 🚩 Overly detailed when you asked for summary (hallucination)
  - 🚩 No sources provided for factual claims
  - 🚩 Generic advice when you need specifics
  - 🚩 "As of my knowledge cutoff..." (info might be outdated)
- **Fallback Strategy**: Break requests into smaller chunks, verify critical facts manually, have backup manual workflow, don't rely on AI for time-sensitive work

**Interact:**
- **Use Case Sorter (Drag & Drop)**:
  - Two buckets: "Good AI Use" vs "Bad AI Use"
  - 12 scenario cards to sort:
    - "Summarize 50-page research paper" → Good
    - "Generate legal contract for startup" → Bad
    - "Write SQL query for database" → Good
    - "Diagnose chest pain symptoms" → Bad
    - "Brainstorm app feature ideas" → Good
    - "Calculate structural load for bridge" → Bad
  - Instant feedback: "Correct! Legal documents need human lawyers."
  - Score: 10/12 correct
- **Red Flag Detector**:
  - Show 3 AI responses
  - Student identifies which ones have red flags and why
  - Example: "This response has no sources and gives different info than last time"

**Submit:**
"Describe one task where AI SAVED you time. Then describe one task where you should NOT use AI. Explain why for both (2-3 sentences each)."

---

## Summary of Interactive Elements

### Module 1:
1. **Prompt Builder** - Fill-in form with real-time feedback
2. **Iteration Practice Game** - Refine prompts through multiple rounds
3. **Project Simplifier/Phase Planner** - Break down complex problems

### Module 2:
1. **SPEC Builder** - Interactive form with completeness score
2. **Debug Template Builder** - 4-step debugging guide with examples
3. **Security Bug Hunter** - Find vulnerabilities in code (gamified)

### Module 3:
1. **Resume Transformer** - Generate STAR-format bullets (3 versions)
2. **Mock Interview Analyzer** - Get AI feedback on interview answers
3. **Use Case Sorter** - Drag-drop good vs bad AI applications

---

## Key Structure:
- **3 modules** instead of 5
- **3 comic strips per module** = 9 total (down from 16+ pages)
- **Every strip**: Read (short!) → Interact → Submit
- **Scannable content**: Bullet points, emojis for visual breaks, before/after examples
- **Logical flow**: 
  - Module 1: Learn to prompt well
  - Module 2: Apply to coding (generate, debug, secure)
  - Module 3: Professional use (resume, interview, knowing limits)

Commit message:

update titles and descriptions to match new comic strip format

hacks/cs-portfolio-quest/ai/submodule_3.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: "Resume & Interview Prep"
description: "Learn to rewrite resume bullets with metrics using STAR format and prepare for the three most common interview questions by recording and analyzing your responses."
permalink: /cs-portfolio-quest/ai/submodule_3/
parent: "AI Usage"
team: "Thinkers"
submodule: 3
categories: [CSP, Submodule, AIUsage]
tags: [ai, submodule, thinkers]
author: "Thinkers Team"
date: 2025-10-21
---

---

## **MODULE 3: Professional Applications**
*Use AI for resumes, interviews, and knowing when NOT to use AI*

### Comic Strip 1: "Resume Transformation"
**Read:**
- Generic bullets don't get interviews. Quantified STAR-format bullets do.
- **STAR Method**:
  - **S**ituation: Set context
  - **T**ask: Your responsibility
  - **A**ction: What you did
  - **R**esult: Outcome with metrics
- **Before/After Examples**:
  - ❌ "Worked on team projects"
  - ✅ "Collaborated with 4-person team to build full-stack web app, reducing page load time by 40% through database query optimization"
  - ❌ "Helped with coding"
  - ✅ "Implemented JWT authentication system using Flask and React, securing 10,000+ user accounts with 99.9% uptime"
- **How to use AI**: "Transform this bullet into STAR format with quantifiable metrics: [your bullet]" → Compare 3 versions → Pick most honest one

**Interact:**
- **Resume Bullet Transformer**:
  - Student pastes weak bullet point
  - AI generates 3 STAR versions: Conservative, Balanced, Bold
  - Student picks one and explains why they chose it
  - Shows comparison table of all 3 with pros/cons
- **ATS Keyword Scanner** (simpler option):
  - Paste bullet → Tool highlights missing keywords for target job
  - Suggests: "Add: React, PostgreSQL, API design"

**Submit:**
"Paste one weak bullet from your resume. Then paste the AI-improved STAR version you'll actually use. Explain: Why did you pick this version? What makes it honest and strong?"

---

### Comic Strip 2: "Interview Prep That Works"
**Read:**
- **The 3 Questions You MUST Nail**:
  1. **"Tell me about a time you failed"**
     - What they want: Self-awareness, learning, growth
     - Structure: Situation → What went wrong → What you learned → How you improved
     - ❌ Don't: Blame others, pick a personal issue, say "I don't fail"
     - ✅ Do: Own it, show what you learned, prove you applied the lesson
  2. **"Walk me through [project name] architecture"**
     - What they want: Technical depth, decision-making, trade-offs
     - Structure: High-level overview → Dive into 2-3 key components → Explain why you chose them
     - ❌ Don't: Jump straight to tiny details, memorize a script
     - ✅ Do: Start broad, go deep when asked, explain trade-offs
  3. **"Why are you interested in this company?"**
     - What they want: You actually researched them, fit with their needs
     - ❌ Don't: "Great culture", "learning opportunity" (everyone says this)
     - ✅ Do: Reference their tech stack, recent projects, specific problems you can solve
- **How AI helps**: Record yourself, get AI feedback on filler words ("um", "like"), STAR structure, specificity, timing

**Interact:**
- **Mock Interview Analyzer**:
  - Text area: Student types answer to one of the 3 questions
  - AI analyzes for:
    - Filler words (count + percentage)
    - STAR structure (present/missing components)
    - Specificity score (1-10)
    - Length (too short/just right/too long)
  - Gives specific feedback: "Add metrics to your result. Remove 'like' - used 7 times."
- **Interview Answer Builder**:
  - Fill-in template for STAR method
  - Shows word count in real-time
  - Suggests: "Add a number here" "Be more specific about the result"

**Submit:**
"Write your answer to ONE of the 3 questions (250 words max). Use STAR format. Then list: What would you improve about this answer?"

---

### Comic Strip 3: "When AI Helps (and When It Doesn't)"
**Read:**
- **AI Integration: When It Actually Helps**:
  - ✅ Summarizing long documents/emails
  - ✅ Generating meeting notes with action items
  - ✅ Quick data analysis in Sheets (trends, charts)
  - ✅ Draft responses to common questions
  - ✅ Extracting key points from research papers
  - ✅ Brainstorming ideas/approaches
- **When It DOESN'T Help**:
  - ❌ Technical/specialized content (AI guesses)
  - ❌ Legal or medical documents (liability risk)
  - ❌ Anything requiring 100% accuracy
  - ❌ Math proofs or complex calculations
  - ❌ Real-time/current event info (past cutoff date)
- **Red Flags for Unreliable AI Output**:
  - 🚩 Gives different answers to same question
  - 🚩 Overly detailed when you asked for summary (hallucination)
  - 🚩 No sources provided for factual claims
  - 🚩 Generic advice when you need specifics
  - 🚩 "As of my knowledge cutoff..." (info might be outdated)
- **Fallback Strategy**: Break requests into smaller chunks, verify critical facts manually, have backup manual workflow, don't rely on AI for time-sensitive work

**Interact:**
- **Use Case Sorter (Drag & Drop)**:
  - Two buckets: "Good AI Use" vs "Bad AI Use"
  - 12 scenario cards to sort:
    - "Summarize 50-page research paper" → Good
    - "Generate legal contract for startup" → Bad
    - "Write SQL query for database" → Good
    - "Diagnose chest pain symptoms" → Bad
    - "Brainstorm app feature ideas" → Good
    - "Calculate structural load for bridge" → Bad
  - Instant feedback: "Correct! Legal documents need human lawyers."
  - Score: 10/12 correct
- **Red Flag Detector**:
  - Show 3 AI responses
  - Student identifies which ones have red flags and why
  - Example: "This response has no sources and gives different info than last time"

**Submit:**
"Describe one task where AI SAVED you time. Then describe one task where you should NOT use AI. Explain why for both (2-3 sentences each)."

---

## Summary of Interactive Elements

### Module 1:
1. **Prompt Builder** - Fill-in form with real-time feedback
2. **Iteration Practice Game** - Refine prompts through multiple rounds
3. **Project Simplifier/Phase Planner** - Break down complex problems

### Module 2:
1. **SPEC Builder** - Interactive form with completeness score
2. **Debug Template Builder** - 4-step debugging guide with examples
3. **Security Bug Hunter** - Find vulnerabilities in code (gamified)

### Module 3:
1. **Resume Transformer** - Generate STAR-format bullets (3 versions)
2. **Mock Interview Analyzer** - Get AI feedback on interview answers
3. **Use Case Sorter** - Drag-drop good vs bad AI applications

---

## Key Structure:
- **3 modules** instead of 5
- **3 comic strips per module** = 9 total (down from 16+ pages)
- **Every strip**: Read (short!) → Interact → Submit
- **Scannable content**: Bullet points, emojis for visual breaks, before/after examples
- **Logical flow**: 
  - Module 1: Learn to prompt well
  - Module 2: Apply to coding (generate, debug, secure)
  - Module 3: Professional use (resume, interview, knowing limits)
